"_mite_":http://mite.yo.lk/en is a sleek time tracking tool for teams and freelancers.

<code>Trac2mite</code> connects your Trac account with your _mite_.account. Track your time easily on issues within Trac and get them automatically send to _mite_.

h2. Requirements

* "Trac":http://trac.edgewall.org/wiki/TracDownload >= v0.11
* "TracHoursPlugin":http://trac-hacks.org/wiki/TracHoursPlugin >= r7148
* a _mite_.account (you can easily signup for a "free 30 days trial account":https://signup.mite.yo.lk/signup/en )

h2. Installation

*Please note:* Currently there's a problem on installing the plugin the "normal way":http://trac.edgewall.org/wiki/TracPlugins#InstallingaTracPlugin. Until this issue is resolved, you have to install the plugin in development mode as described in the steps below.

# Make sure the TracHoursPlugin is installed and enabled.
# Place all source files of the Trac2mite plugin into the plugin directory of your Trac environment.
# Change to <code>/path/to/your/projenv/plugins/Trac2mite/0.11</code> via console and run the command <code>python setup.py develop -md /path/to/your/projenv/plugins</code>
# Login as a user with admin privileges and go to <code>Admin > Plugins</code> to enable all components for 'trac2mite', which should now be listed as a available plugin. 
# You are prompted to upgrade your Trac environment via the Trac-Admin upgrade-command. Do so and restart your Webserver.

h2. Setup

*Please note:* Only users with the permission _TICKET_ADD_HOURS_ can use the features of the TracHoursPlugin and Trac2mite. The following steps assume you have this permission.

Go to <code>Preferences > mite</code> and try to connect to your _mite_.account.

After providing your account data you can now select your _mite_.projects and _mite_.services that will appear when you create a new time entry with the TracHoursPlugin.

h2. Tracking time

Once the connection to your _mite_.account is verified, you should now have the possibility to assign one of your  _mite_.projects and _mite_.services to every new and existing time entry. When saving the time entry, Trac2mite will send this data to your _mite_.account.

h2. License

<code>Trac2mite</code> is licensed under the terms of the MIT License, see the included MIT-LICENSE file.